[v7] Templates deprecation warning (#1442)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

- `Changed` for changes that do not fall into any other category
- `Optional` for new, optional methods/features that you should be aware of - *and could take advantage of*

## From v6 to v7

### Removed

> - Removed the deprecated 'function_external_id' parameter when creating a Cognite Function Schedule. Future instantiations are to be done without this parameter now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the deprecated `function_external_id` parameter when creating a Cognite Function schedule. This only worked when using API keys - which are long gone.
```
